# V1.4.2

2023-12-3

## Changed

1. The mining tool adds attack attributes again;
2. Refactor the critical hit code so that `sweeping` can now be triggered after a critical hit.

## Fixed

1. Fixed the bug where the witch's health would be full as long as she used potions.

# V1.4.1

2023-12-2

## Changed

1. Use ThreadLocalRandom for random numbers;
2. Optimize the configuration screen;
3. The health of spawner or naturally generated monsters when they are born is corrected.

# V1.4.0

2023-12-1

## Changed

1. Optimize the compatibility logic with other mod attributes;
2. Add various switch control attribute applications;
3. Added modifications to the equipment attributes of monsters generated by monster spawners;
4. The reforge scroll is changed to load the configuration file, which can be configured at will;
5. Since `cloth-config` does not support `List<Object>`, it was replaced with `YACL`

## Fixed

1. Fixed the problem that the Fabric step height attribute does not take effect.

# V1.3.6

2023-11-24

## Changed

1. Ranged weapons are also affected by critical strike attributes.

# V1.3.5

2023-11-19

## Changed

1. Fix the black health problem when the entity is loaded from saved in a more elegant way;
2. Setting the item attributes when using `Mob.setItemSlot` should be compatible with most mods that set monster equipment;
3. Try to be compatible with `Sinytra Connector`. The problem is that some attributes may become invalid after compatibility.

# V1.3.4

2023-11-19

## Fixed

1. Fix the problem that Forge does not take effect after loading due to missing `forge.mixinConfigs` configuration.

# V1.3.3

2023-11-18

## Fixed

1. Fixed forge crash caused by failure to register menu.

# V1.3.2

2023-11-18

## Changed

1. The reforge table can now be mined and dropped using a pickaxe;
2. Now the experience icon on the reforge table interface will not be highlighted if the player has insufficient experience value.

## Fixed

1. Fixed the issue where the experience value icon on the reforge interface was slightly misaligned;
2. Repair the synthesis table of the reforge table.

# V1.3.1

2023-11-17

## Fixed

1. Fixed the crash in 1.20.1 caused by calling the new method in 1.20.2

# V1.3.0

2023-11-17

## Changed
1. Added a reforge table to reforge equipment, which requires reforge scrolls. Please check the recipe for details;
2. Adjust the attribute scores again. Please ask someone to design a set of attribute values and scores.

# V1.2.0

2023-11-15

## Changed

1. Use `mixinextras` to reconstruct mixin, which is theoretically compatible with more other mods;
2. Fine-tune the critical damage value and probability.
3. Compatible `AdditionalEntityAttributes`

   Critical damage and mining speed will use `AdditionalEntityAttributes` when `AdditionalEntityAttributes` is loaded;

# V1.1.6

2023-11-11

## Changed

1. Reconstruct the tag of `equipmentstandard` to `equipment_standard`;
2. Reconstruct the data packet reading, now only the data under `equipment_standard` will be read;
3. Add README.

# V1.1.5

2023-11-6

## Changed

1. Fine-tuned the probability of real_damage attribute.

## Fixed

1. Fixed the problem of startup failure on the server side due to registration of client events.

# V1.1.4

2023-11-5

## Fixed

1. Fixed the problem of real_damage being affected by armor. Now the real_damage attribute will have no CD and will not be reduced by armor.
2. Fixed incorrect minecraft version range in forge config file causing 1.20.1 launch crash.

# V1.1.3

2023-11-2

## Changed

1. Adjust some formatting.

# V1.1.2

2023-11-2

## Fixed

1. Fixed the issue that magic item tags did not take effect.

# V1.1.1

2023-11-2

## Fixed

1. Fixed the bug of synthesizing items caused by code errors.

# V1.1.0

2023-11-2

> 1.1.0 is incompatible with 1.0.0. Please restart the world and upgrade, otherwise the equipment properties will be abnormal.

## Changed

1. Reconstruct score calculation
2. Add step height attribute
3. Fabric: compatible with spell attribute

# V1.0.0

2023-10-31

## First Edition